Dear fathers and villagers
Enemy today
Like my father
Deceive my youth
Can you agree
Disagree disagree ok
Uncles
Brothers
Fight with me
A cloud-piercing arrow
See you around the world
One in two husbands, one in all, one in all
Young Master Young Master Most Scientific Young Master
The lame man killed my two brothers
I will kill his son today
Let him cut off his descendants
Who would dare to come?
co-existence and extinction
Qing Tianye came prepared
A little sad hum
Local chickens dig dogs and dare to be so big
The village entrance is the boundary
Those who enter the village are killed without mercy
You broke my father's leg
Hahahaha
Not just one leg
Cripple Chen!
I slapped him.
He succumbed to his injuries.
Did he tell you?
Even if you count your mother, she died at my hands
Hahahaha what did you say?
Do you want to know?
How did we kill your mother?
Kneel down for me
I'll tell you slowly
Want you to die
wrong
I'll give you a family reunion
Stop